Screaming Banshee Attack! Ha!
[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Gotenks displayed
overwhelming power
after leveling up
to Super Saiyan 3.
It seemed the universe
had finally found
an answer for
the nightmare of Majin Buu.
But Fusion has a limit, and the
boys had wasted precious time.
A sharp turn for the worse. Now!
Huh? Already?!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Uh oh.
[PICCOLO gasps]
This isn't good! He's gone
back to his basic level!
[SUPER BUU groans]
[SUPER BUU]
Aaah!
--Boy.
--[GOTENKS] Eeh!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
[GOTENKS chuckles nervously]
[laughs nervously]
Aah-ha-ha-ha! Yeah!
Just as I planned! You betcha!
[PICCOLO]
No. It's hopeless.
This was our only chance left.
Damn it, Gotenks!
Hey Elder Kai, we can't
wait! The boys have lost!
Their Fusion's about to end!
We've got to act now!
Dad, are you sure
they can't hold on?
Yeah. They'll get killed
like this.
[ELDER KAI]
Okay, you can run along now.
Actually, we finished up
a while ago.
--[GOHAN] Huh?
--[GOKU] Wha--?
[ALL]
A while ago?
What do you mean?
How long have I been
sitting here for nothing?
Mmm... Oh, I don't know.
Five minutes maybe?
Then why didn't you
tell me that sooner?
I could be fighting already!
I thought you said
I wasn't finished yet
because I wasn't focusing!
You dope! I was just stalling
to make things more dramatic.
Don't you know anything?
[ALL]
Uuh!
The boys are in trouble!
I've got to get moving and fast!
You've unlocked all this
hidden energy, right?
So what now?
How do I tap into it?
Well, you know how you guys
are always screaming
and turning
Super-whatever-you-call-it?
Yeah, kinda like that.
You just need
to show some spunk.
So it's basically like
going Super Saiyan, huh?
Okay, let's see.
Hold on, wait 'til I step back!
[GOHAN yells]
[ELDER KAI hollers]
[GOKU shrieks]
[GOKU gasps]
--[SUPREME KAI hollers]
--[KIBITO groans]
[ELDER KAI] Little brat!
He could have at least
let me get out
of his blast zone.
Wow. It's true.
This is awesome, Dad.
I feel great!
[GOKU] You don't have to tell
me; I'm standing right here.
It's like you're
bursting at the seams!
Remarkable. He's gone
far beyond the normal limits
of his power.
It sure is hard
to believe. Look at him.
On the outside, it doesn't seem
like much has changed at all.
I mean, he's not even
Super Saiyan,
but his strength
is way off the charts.
Heh. You put too much
stock in your transformations.
That Super-whatever trick
is overrated.
Gohan, we need
to get you back to Earth.
If we don't act quickly,
we could lose our chance
to stop that monster.
Kibito and I will take you.
Let's finish this mess.
I'm sorry. I believe it's best
I take him there on my own, sir.
Uh!
What are you saying?
That's my choice!
It's my responsibility
as Supreme Kai
to see this to the end.
Forgive me, but you'll
only be a liability--
someone Buu could use
against Gohan.
I don't plan to stay, either.
I'll return as soon as I've
taken him to the battlefield.
A warrior this great won't need
any distractions from us.
Thanks, Kibito.
Yes, you're right.
The only thing I would do
is slow him down.
Just be careful.
I'm sorry, Gohan.
But my place is here
in Otherworld now.
I won't be going
with you this time.
I wish I could've
been there, you know.
To watch you grow
into the man you've become.
I know, Dad.
I guess this is the
last time I'll get to see you.
Or at least until you join me
here one day. Heh.
Good luck, son. Give Buu
exactly what he deserves.
I will.
All right. Off you go, son.
Until we meet again, Dad.
[ELDER KAI] Ungrateful boy.
He didn't even thank me.
When I'm the one
who worked all the magic!
These kids today.
And here we are.
It's up to you, Gohan.
-[GOHAN] Wait.
-[KIBITO] Hm?
Before you go,
can I ask you a favor?
I need something special
for this fight.
I want to dress like
my father does to honor him.
Can you make me an orange
fighting gi just like his?
[KIBITO] Mm. Of course.
Should be simple enough.
Let's see. I believe
the color was the same
as the frog dung
on Planet Popol.
Okay. Guess I'll
take your word on that.
Yeah, that's perfect.
Thanks, it means a lot.
You're welcome.
It's a fitting tribute.
Now it's time I go,
but I wish you a great victory,
and the World of the Kais
will be cheering for you.
Bye, Kibito. And give my regards
to both Supreme Kais, okay?
All right. Here we go.
[PICCOLO]
How could they run out of time?
Darn those kids!
Why do they have to go
and drag out their battle?!
[GOTENKS]
Eeeh!
[SUPER BUU growls]
[GOTENKS hollers]
[GOTENKS] I'm running low
on options here.
But if I have to bluff
my way out, then so be it.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Hm?
Super Ghost Kamikaze--hm!
Attack!
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[GHOSTS laughing]
[GOTENKS laughs]
It may look like I've
gone back to the way I was,
but my power's
actually increased!
Go! Get him, Ghosts!
Time to show our
super extra awesome power!
[GHOSTS]
Huuuuh?!
[GHOST 1]
Super extra awesome what?
[GHOST 4] Yeah, I don't know;
he looks pretty strong.
[GHOST 6]
We just got here!
Quit your whining
and do what you're told!
Go now!
[GHOSTS laugh]
[SUPER BUU]
Heh.
[GHOSTS]
Uh?
--[SUPER BUU yells]
--[GHOSTS yelling]
Perfect. Now's my chance to run!
[GOTENKS groaning]
[hollers]
[SUPER BUU laughs]
[GOTENKS groans]
[yelling]
[BOTH] Damn you!
This is bad! We're split!
The Fusion must've worn off!
[BOTH gasping]
[TRUNKS]
Oh, we're in trouble.
Can't believe
we ran out of Fusion time!
[GOTEN] What do we do?
He could maybe kill us now.
No "maybe" about it!
You know what he did
to everyone else.
We're goners for sure!
Yeah. You're right.
Aah! Hey,
what if we run for it?
You really think
he'd let that happen?
[SUPER BUU breathes deeply]
Ooh, I guess not.
We're done for.
How can this
be happening? No fair!
We're just kids;
we can't die yet!
Yeah. I'm not ready
to be a ghost.
--[SUPER BUU growls]
--[GOTEN, TRUNKS gasp]
--[TRUNKS] Piccolo?
--I doubt I'll be much help,
but I won't let you
face this alone.
We'll give him our best.
And die together.
[TRUNKS] Our best?
We won't be close to our best!
We couldn't finish him
when we were fused, Piccolo!
And without it, we don't
stand a chance against him!
[GOTEN]
Yeah, Trunks is right!
Maybe it doesn't matter
to you 'cause you're old,
but we're not! We don't
want to die like this!
This is crazy!
[TRUNKS]
Super crazy!
I'm scared, Trunks.
What should we do?
I got it.
Our extra-last resort.
Oh yeah, I forgot!
[PICCOLO]
Hm?
[TRUNKS] Let's tell
Majin Buu we're sorry.
[PICCOLO]
Aaaugh!
Yeah. He's not the
sharpest tool in the shed
so we can prob'ly
trick him into forgiving us
if we just act really sorry
and give him candy
and tell him how great he is!
Mhmm! We can use
our cute little kid act.
Grown ups always
fall for that trick!
Then, we can buy
enough time to fuse again
and defeat him for real!
You gotta be kidding.
Yeah! It's a perfect plan!
You find the candy,
I'll do the rest!
[laughs]
Uh, ooh.
[TRUNKS]
Hm?
Wait. I don't think there are
any candy stores nearby.
Hmmm. Yeah,
that's a good point.
We could search the world
but Buu's prob'ly
destroyed 'em all by now.
And there aren't any
candy makers left, either.
[TRUNKS] This plan
definitely has some holes.
[GOTEN]
Hm.
[grunts] Enough!
You're just talking nonsense!
[yawning]
What?
[GOTEN]
What happened to him?
[TRUNKS]
Beats me.
Uh! Listen, do you hear that?
[SUPER BUU snoring]
O-Okay. That's weird.
But I think he's... snoring.
Yeah, you're right.
It does sound like snoring.
He's loud, too.
[PICCOLO] I don't understand.
Is he toying with us?
Or could he actually be--?
Augh! Hey!
We're just gonna
check on him. We'll be back!
No, don't get close!
We need to use this opportunity!
[SUPER BUU snoring]
[BOTH shriek]
[SUPER BUU continues snoring]
[GOTEN]
Uh, hello?
No reaction at all. He really
did fall asleep, didn't he?
I'm not so sure. Maybe he's
just trying to trick us.
That's something we would do.
Yeah, good point. Let's see.
Maybe if we pull really hard
on that thing on his head,
it'll scare him
and he'll open his eyes
so we know
he's pretending. I'll try.
[GOTEN] Upsy-daisy.
Just a little bit more.
Stop that!
What's wrong with you?
Are you completely insane?
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Huh?
He was moments away
from destroying you both
and now that he's fallen asleep
you want to go and
wake him up on purpose? Ah!
[PICCOLO quietly]
I don't know why he's sleeping
or what he's planning, but I
honestly don't care either!
We just need to take
every minute he gives us,
so you boys can rest
and get ready to fuse again!
It's our only play. Now come on!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
'Kay.
[PICCOLO exhales]
What?
[SUPER BUU]
Huh?
[PICCOLO]
What is that energy?
Somebody's coming!
[PICCOLO] But who could it be?
There's no one left!
And that power's
unbelievably strong!
Could this be
some new foe? Or an ally?
[growls]
[PICCOLO]
It's Goku!
No, it's not my dad;
it's my brother! He's okay!
Gohan's alive?
That can't be!
[SUPER BUU growls]
I'm glad I wasn't too late.
Wow, it is you!
I'm so glad to see you're okay!
Then you never did die,
did you?!
No, it was a close call,
but then Supreme Kai saved me
and took me back to his world.
I've been there the whole time
getting ready for this showdown.
[growls]
[PICCOLO]
That's Gohan, all right,
but something's
changed about him.
He's carrying
himself differently,
and there's a whole new
look in his eyes.
But it's more than that.
His whole energy
has changed, too.
Where's everyone else?
Majin Buu ate them.
They're all dead!
What? You mean Mom
and Dende--everyone?
Yeah, that's right.
He took 'em and now
we're the only ones left!
[GOHAN] No, not Dende, too!
That can't be!
If he's dead, then the
Dragon Balls are gone, too,
and our whole plan is ruined!
We can't bring anyone back!
[SUPER BUU laughs]
They were very tasty.
I turned them all to chocolate.
A satisfying snack.
[grunts]
[GOHAN]
No, he's wrong.
The energy's faint,
but I can sense it.
[GOHAN chuckles]
Aah!
♪
Okay, son! It's time
to show that bully
the true depths
of your new power!
I have to admit, Supreme Kai,
when you told me
you were planning to bring
a lowly mortal to this hallowed
sanctuary, it didn't make sense.
He didn't have
any business stepping foot
on the World of the Kais.
Yes, I know.
But now you can see
that my intuition
was right from the start.
Yes. And you've proven the
legend of the Z Sword was true,
even if we didn't understand it,
because the power
it bestowed didn't come from
the Sword itself,
but from this Grand Supreme Kai
who was sealed within it.
Trust me, you weren't
the only one who was surprised.
I can't believe in 14
generations of Supreme Kai,
not one was strong enough
to break the seal.
I guess they don't make 'em
like they used to.
[SUPREME KAI] I'm sorry
for our shortcomings.
But even though
it's not what you expected,
I hope you'll agree
it's working out for the best.
After all,
the human planet should be
protected by humans
themselves, don't you agree?
Yeah, I think so, too.
You can't give us our future,
we've got to
fight for it ourselves.
Or we won't treasure
the world we've got.
We'll take it for granted.
Struggling, really earning it--
that's the only way
we'll appreciate being alive.
Uh! Oh yeah, but I'm not
alive anymore, am I?
So I guess I'm not
making too much sense, huh?
[laughing]
Hm. But you're absolutely
right, Goku; alive or not.
[ELDER KAI grunts]
I didn't wait all those
eons in that sword
just to hear you pups prattle on
with your so-called wisdom!
I'm the elder,
that's my job! Hmph!
Just a little respect!
Next you'll be reading
my magazines, too!
[SUPREME KAI] But we do
respect you, of course!
[GOKU] Good luck, Gohan.
You can do it.
The fate of the earth
depends on you.
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
Boy. Come on. Are you
really planning to fight me?
Fight you? No,
I'm planning to kill you.
Err!
[laughing]
I remember you now!
I knocked you out in the desert!
[PICCOLO]
It's not going to work.
It's clear Gohan's reached a new
level, but it won't be enough.
He can't defeat Majin Buu
in a straight fight.
He needs our help!
We've got to do Fusion again,
so we can all fight together!
We can't!
It takes time to recover.
You know how it works!
That's what my dad
told us. I know.
But I don't care--let's try it!
I can't just stand here and
watch him hurt my brother!
Okay.
Yeah. Possible or not,
it can't hurt to try!
[GOTEN]
Right!
[PICCOLO]
Huh?
[BOTH]
Now!
[NARRATOR] Gohan has received
the ultimate power up
from an ancient Kai, and has
returned to face Majin Buu.
As a boy, he was the answer
to saving the world from Cell.
Now, he will try to rescue the
earth from an even darker day.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I can't wait to see Gohan's
new powers in action!
[PICCOLO] Astonishing! How can
he be stronger than Majin Buu?
He hasn't even
gone Super Saiyan!
[SUPER BUU] No one is stronger
than me! I won't allow it!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN]
What's wrong, Buu?
I thought you were
gonna kick my ass!